added details to identify package manager on update (#4731)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/cloudflare-one/connections/connect-apps/install-and-setup/tunnel-useful-commands.md

| Command               | Description                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              |
| --------------------- | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |

> | `cloudflared update`  | Looks for a new version on the official download server. If a new version exists, it updates the agent binary and quits. Otherwise, no action is performed. This command only works if `cloudflared` was installed from GitHub binaries or from source. If you installed `cloudflared` with a package manager, you must update it using the same method. You can easily check that with the following command: `ls -la /usr/local/etc/cloudflared/`You should see `.installedFromPackageManager`  pop up.  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `cloudflared update`  | Looks for a new version on the official download server. If a new version exists, it updates the agent binary and quits. Otherwise, no action is performed. This command only works if `cloudflared` was installed from GitHub binaries or from source. If you installed `cloudflared` with a package manager, you must update it using the same package manager. To check if `cloudflared` is owned by a package manager, run `ls -la /usr/local/etc/cloudflared/` and look for `.installedFromPackageManager` in the output.  |
```

Reviewer: When I run `ls -la /usr/local/etc/cloudflared/` on my Mac, it says the directory does not exist. 

I installed cloudflared with homebrew.

Author: that was tested on Linux Debian & Ubuntu latest machines, I am not sure on Mac.
brew acts different, 

you can can test with `brew list | grep cloudflared` if it's there that means run from a package manager in this case Brew.

I can alter the PR, let me know
